# Config Options

<pre><code>training_config: Path to the config file generated for training the models. This is *NOT* the config file used for the training pipeline, but it *IS* aut-generated by that pipeline.

<strong>context_config: Path to pre-existing context application / geotiff generation config file. If none exist, you can just choose one of he pre-existing config files in the repo from a similar previous use-case. This config file is effectively just used for templating.
</strong>
run_context_assigned_geotiff_gen: Whether or not to generate final context-assigned products in this run. If context application has not yet been done, set to False and see docs on context application pipeline for further info on that process. When set to false context-free segmentation maps are geolocated and generated as GeoTiffs.

run_uid: A unique identifier that will be used for all config files and some output file naming
context_classes: Any context classes that will have products generated from this run. If context application has not yet been done, run_context_assigned_geotiff_gen will be set to False, and this parameter will have no bearing. See docs on context application pipeline for further info on that process.

config_dir: Relative or absolute path to configuration directory.

reuse_gtiffs: Whether or not to reuse GeoTiffs specified in context_config config file. Typically, this is set to False.

run_inference: Whether or not to run inference. If set to False, the process will assume the output zarr files have been generated and will begin with generating context-free segmentation map GeoTiffs

update_inputs: Whether or not to update the files from the training_config that will have outputs generated for them. Typically set to True. If run_inference is set to False, this parameter will have no bearing.

input_dir: Relative or absolute path to model input files
input_pattern: Glob pattern to find input files in input_dir


tile_tiers: Used to specify tiers of tiled feature extraction if experimental conv and cluster functionality is to be used. Leave empty if not using this functionality.

</code></pre>
